chore: Contribution guide (#65)
dhbw-typst/oderso-template-dev: CONTRIBUTE.md

If you found a bug or have an idea for a feature, don't hesitate and [create an issue](https://github.com/dhbw-typst/oderso-template-dev/issues/new)!

Even if you don't have the time or capability to contribute code directly, opening an issue helps draw attention of maintainers to the problem or idea.

## Contribute by Making Code Changes

Helping us close an issue helps us even more!
Filter for [good first issue](https://github.com/dhbw-typst/oderso-template-dev/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3A%22good%20first%20issue%22) if you want to solve an easy or small problem, but contributions for other issues are welcome as well.
Or you can create a new issue if you already have in mind what you want to work on.

Please comment on an issue you want to work on, before starting. This prevents a maintainer from picking up an issue you are already working on.

The [setup guide](README#️-setup) should contain everything you need to get started. See [Code Formatting](#code-formatting) and [Pull Requests](#pull-requests) for more information about how we format our code and what to keep in mind when creating a pull request.

## Contribute a new Adapter

> Currently, the template contains university adapters for the DHBW Karlsruhe and Mannheim and the IHK. If you are from a different university, is a great way to contribute, as it makes the template available to more students.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the template contains university adapters for the DHBW Karlsruhe and Mannheim and the IHK. If you are from a different university, this could be a great way to contribute as it makes the template available to more students.
```

> Please open an issue, and we are happy to assist you with the implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to open an issue, and we are happy to assist you with the implementation.
```

Reviewer: "Please" sounds a bit imperative here :)

1. Pick an issue you want to work or create an issue you want to work on yourself.

> 2. Follow [setup guide](#️-setup) for your local development environment.

Reviewer: This link does not work anymore as the anchor lives in the README.md

3. Make sure to format your changes with `typstyle . -i` before committing.

This project is using [get-next-version](https://github.com/thenativeweb/get-next-version) for automatic releases.
New releases are automatically created for commits on main. The version is determined by the commits prefix:

- `chore`: No release
- `fix`: Patch version bump
- `feat`: Minor version bump
- `feat!`: Major version bump

> Add the correct prefix to your PR title and make sure it is included when merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is already explained (better) below

Author: Forgot to remove the old text!
